update docs team info page (#1996)
ansible/ansible-documentation: hacking/pr_labeler/pr_labeler/data/docs_team_info.md

> Thanks for your Ansible docs contribution! We talk about Ansible documentation on matrix at [#docs:ansible.im](https://matrix.to/#/#docs:ansible.im) if you ever want to join us and chat about the docs! We meet on matrix every Tuesday. See [the Ansible calendar](https://forum.ansible.com/upcoming-events) for meeting details. We welcome additions to our [weekly agenda items](https://forum.ansible.com/t/documentation-working-group-agenda/153/7) too. You can add the `dawgs-meeting` tag to a forum topic to bring it up at the next meeting.

Reviewer: The correct spelling is Matrix with an upper-case M BTW :) It's only the logo that uses a lower-case m.
```suggestion
Thanks for your Ansible docs contribution! We talk about Ansible documentation on Matrix at [#docs:ansible.im](https://matrix.to/#/#docs:ansible.im) if you ever want to join us and chat about the docs! We meet on Matrix every Tuesday. See [the Ansible calendar](https://forum.ansible.com/upcoming-events) for meeting details. We welcome additions to our [weekly agenda items](https://forum.ansible.com/t/documentation-working-group-agenda/153/7) too. You can add the `dawgs-meeting` tag to a forum topic to bring it up at the next meeting.
```

> Thanks for your Ansible docs contribution! We talk about Ansible documentation on matrix at [#docs:ansible.im](https://matrix.to/#/#docs:ansible.im) if you ever want to join us and chat about the docs! We meet on matrix every Tuesday. See [the Ansible calendar](https://forum.ansible.com/upcoming-events) for meeting details. We welcome additions to our [weekly agenda items](https://forum.ansible.com/t/documentation-working-group-agenda/153) too. Scroll down to find the upcoming agenda and add a comment to put something new on it. You can also add the `dawgs-meeting` tag to a forum topic to bring it up at the next meeting.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Thanks for your Ansible docs contribution! We talk about Ansible documentation on matrix at [#docs:ansible.im](https://matrix.to/#/#docs:ansible.im) if you ever want to join us and chat about the docs! We meet on matrix every Tuesday. See [the Ansible calendar](https://forum.ansible.com/upcoming-events) for meeting details. We welcome additions to our [weekly agenda items](https://forum.ansible.com/t/documentation-working-group-agenda/153/7) too. You can add the `dawgs-meeting` tag to a forum topic to bring it up at the next meeting.
```

Reviewer 2: didn't notice this the last time but the only way to add to the agenda now is through those dawgs-meeting tags. I wouldn't even notice if someone adds a comment.

There's also that label dawgs in the issues/prs, but I'm not sure if anyone can add labels in github or only moderators so may not be worth mentioning here.

Author: I think that `DaWGs` label is just for maintainers.
